near noise field of a jet engine exhaust . aircraft structures located in the near noise field of a jetengine are subjected to extremely high fluctuating pressures thatmay cause structural fatigue .  studies of such structures havebeen limited by lack of knowledge of the loadings involved .the acoustic near field produced by the exhaust of a stationaryturbojet engine having a high pressure ratio was measured fora single operating condition without afterburning .  the maximumover-all sound pressure without afterburning was foundto be about 42 pounds per square foot along the jet boundary inthe region immediately downstream of the jet-nozzle exit .with afterburning the maximum sound pressure was increasedby 50 percent .  the largest sound pressures without afterburningwere obtained on a constant percentage band width basis inthe frequency range from 350 to 700 cps .additional tests were made at a few points to find the effectof jet velocity on near-field sound pressures and to determinethe difference in value between sound-pressure levels at rigidsurfaces and corresponding free-field values .  near the jetnozzle, over-all sound pressures were found to vary as a lowpower (approx. unity) of the jet velocity .  over-all sound-pressurelevels considerably greater than the corresponding free-fieldlevels were recorded at the surface of a rigid plate placed alongthe jet boundary .the downstream locations of the maximum sound pressureat any given frequency along the jet-engine-exhaust boundaryand the longitudinal turbulent-velocity maximum of the samefrequency along a small cold-air jet at 1 nozzle-exit radius fromthe jet axis were found to be nearly the same when compared ona dimensionless basis .  also, the strouhal number of the correspondingspectra maximums was found to be nearly equal atsimilar distances downstream .in addition to the magnitude and frequency distribution ofthe acoustic pressures, it is necessary to know the cross correlationof the pressure over the surface area .  cross-correlationmeasurements with microphones were made for a range of jetvelocities at locations along the jet and at a distance from thejet .  free-field correlations of the over-all sound pressure andof the sound pressure in frequency bands from 100 to 1000 cpswere obtained both longitudinally and laterally .  in addition,correlations were obtained with microphones mounted at thesurface of a rigid plate that was large compared with the distanceover which a positive correlation existed .the region of positive correlation was generally found toincrease with distance downstream of the engine to 6.5 nozzleexitdiameters, but remained nearly constant thereafter .  ingeneral, little change in the correlation curves was found as afunction of jet velocity or frequency-band width .  the distancefrom unity correlation to the first zero correlation was greater forlateral than for longitudinal correlations for the same conditionsand locations .  the correlation curves obtained in freespace and on the surface of the plate were generally similar .the results are interpreted in terms of pressure loads onsurfaces .