body under lifting wing . an investigation is made of supersonic-aircraft configurationscomposed of a cambered body positioned a certain distancebeneath an arbitrary lifting wing .  the geometry of the wing isregarded as given and the geometry of the body may be given oroptimum .  expressions for the drag and lift are obtained fromreverse-flow considerations,. these greatly implement such astudy when interference cross flows must be cancelled .  thedrag advantage to be gained when a given body and wing assumea given orientation is studied .  treated more extensivelyis the variational problem of determining the optimum wingincidence and optimum body shape, for the given volume andlength, to yield the minimum drag for prescribed lift .  numericalresults are provided to indicate the significance of the largenumber of parameters appearing in the problem .  of these, thegap between the wing and the body is found to be particularlyimportant .  it is found that at low gap moderate body distortionshave a significant influence on the drag .  drag reductionsof up to 44 relative to the case of no interference have beenfound at a mach number of 2.24 in a configuration having agap approximately equal to the maximum diameter of the body,and a wing chord of about three eighths of the length of the body .comparison is made with the conventional wing-body combinationincluding the effects of skin friction, and it is concluded thatthe advantage suggested by the preceding considerations is notappreciably diminished .  finally, it is shown that the configurationsstudied lead to bodies of fineness ratios much lowerthan are appropriate to conventional wing-body combinations .tests were made on an arrangement consisting of a scarshaackbody located under a lifting rectangular diamond-profilewing .  the mach number was 1.6 and the reynolds numberwas 9.17 x 10 based on the body length .  it was found that themeasured lift developed on the wing due to the flow field of thebody agrees very well with the theoretical value .  downstreamof the impinging shock from the wing, flow separation was observedon the exterior of the body but not in the interior .  theseparation is attributed not to the pressure rise across the shockbut to the pressure field arising from the reflection from thebody of the shock-induced cross flow .  further observationssuggest that the separation can be avoided by pitching the bodyor by kinking the body at the shock wave to accommodate theshock-induced cross flow .