a closed-form solution for the oscillations of a vehicleentering a planetary atmosphere . author considers the equation of the yawing motion of a missile,derived with a series of customary assumptions and with the distancetraveled as the independent variable .  his assumptions includethe linearity of the aerodynamic forces, the constancy of theaerodynamic coefficients with respect to mach number, the absenceof spin, and the absence of gravity .  if to these assumptionsone could add the common ballistic assumption of a constant airdensity, the coefficients of this equation would have been condampedsinusoids .  in ballistics any slow variation of these coefstant,and the solution would have been simply the exponentiallyficientsis usually treated by adding an approximate correctionterm to the damping rate (which is spoken of as the wkb perturbation).  however, with a body entering the planetary atmosphere thevariation of the air density is apparently of greater essence (thisis a point not stated explicitly in this brief communication), andthe equation is of the type .the author shows that with a series of further transformationsthe equation can be reduced to the formthe solutions of which are confluent hypergeometricfunctions .  these functions are defined as series involvinggamma functions, and with a series of further assumptionscan be reduced to laguerre polynomials and bessel functions .it is certainly nice to have an exact solution to a problem whichhas heretofore been extensively treated by approximations and bythe numerical approach .  this reviewer is puzzled, however, as tothe practical significance of the proposed approach .  an idealizationis of value in that it facilitates our understanding,. and thenumerical approach, in that it allows refinements of the problem,freeing us from the necessity of idealizing .  but the proposed solutionis certainly more difficult to refine than the original problem,.and it is certainly not simple (the solution of the originalequation is not the value of z, but the various /reverse/ transformationsof z) .  an evaluation of a series in practice must competewith the numerical approach,. and the equation suggested is of thezero) .  viewing the problem /afresh/ (in the light of the /computerrevolution/ and without the constraints imposed by the priorart), it seems at least equally easy to /standardize/ the solutionsof the original equation .